Docs: clarify azurerm_container_app_environment workload profile argument type (#28921)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/container_app_environment.html.markdown

* `logs_destination` - (Optional) Where the application logs will be saved for this Container Apps Managed Environment. Possible values include `log-analytics` and `azure-monitor`. Omitting this value will result in logs being streamed only.

> * `workload_profile` - (Optional) One or more workload_profile. The profile of the workload to scope the container app execution. A `workload_profile` block as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `workload_profile` - (Optional) One or more `workload_profile` blocks as defined below.
```
